This is a good example of how to add data to your response that's not actually present on your data object.

The address field doesn't exist on the data object, but any of the sub-fields can access attribute directly from the object as if they were not nested.

The Nested constructor takes a dict of fields to render as sub-fields.The imoprt diffrence between the Nested constructor and nested dicts, is the context for attributes.

This setting is a dictionary with keys that correspond to the keyword arguments of json.dumps()

Your Flask application may be wearing multiple hats, yet you want to handle all Flask-RESTful errors with the correct content type and error syntax as your 200-level requests.

Flask-RESTful will call the handle_error() function on any 400 or 500 error that happens on a Flask-RESTful route, and leave other routes alone.You may want your app to return the correct media type on 404 Not Found errors; in which case, use the catch_all_404s parameter of the Api constructor

The common directory would probably just contain a set of helper functions to fulfill common needs across your applicaiton. It could also contain, for example, any custom input/output types your resources need to get the job done.

As you can imagine with a particularly large or complex API, this file ends up being very valuable as a comprehensive list of all the routes and resources in yor API.

Here we'll set up a resource with multiple input parameters that exercise a larger amount of options.

This field is primarily used to interpolate values from the response into other values. 

In this instance, custom_greeting will always contain the value returned from the username field.

In this case, we want to create a links sub-object to contain urls of related objects.

Note that we passed fields.Nested another dict which is built in such a way that it would be an acceptable argument to marshal() by itself.

It takes as its first parameter the name of the endpoint associated with the urls of the objects in the links sub-object

Those dependencies are best passed-in through the constructor to loosely couple each other.

A decorator that apply marshalling to the return values of your methods.

A decorator that formats the return values of your methods with a single field.

Attach any keyword arguments to the exception for later processing.

A string that controls the order that the pieces of the url are concatenated when the full url is constructed.

A dictionary to define a custom response for each exception or error raised during a request

However, it’s still useful to keep track of emails that would have been sent when you are writing unit tests.

When Augustin and Colombe again suggested that we dirve to Paris with them, and even offered to put us up, I turned to Nino, hoping that he, too, wanted nothing more than the chance to extend this time, put off the return

But when we  were alone he made me a speech anxious in tone and passionate in content, whose sense was that I should trust him, that although our situation was complicated we would surely untangle it, that to do so, however, we had to go home , we couldn't  flee from Montpellier to Paris and then to who knows what other city, we had to confront our spouses and begin our life together.